docs(review): content review (#1904)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-network/ip-failover/how-to/assign-failover-ip.mdx

Failover IP addresses allow you to have several IPs on the server and thus, for example, to have one IP for each website or for each virtual machine.

> Your IP failover can be routed at any time to your servers in just a few minutes by using the [Dedibox Console](https://console.online.net) or through the [Dedibox API](https://console.online.net/en/api/). By switching your failover IP addresses from one server to another, the hosted services remain available without reconfiguring the IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your IP failover can be routed at any time to your servers in just a few minutes by using the [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net) or through the [Dedibox API](https://console.online.net/en/api/). By switching your failover IP addresses from one server to another, the hosted services remain available without reconfiguring the IP address.
```

> For each server, you can add failover IP address(es) according to the offer and your service level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each server, you can add failover IP addresses according to the offer and your service level.
```
